we could do what you know take off
living the woods
they'd catch us maybe not we wouldn't
make it five miles
welcome the time has come to select one
courageous young man and woman for the
honor of representing district 12 in the
74th annual Hunger Games - first year my
name's Evan under once I'm not gonna
pick you
every day
I volunteer as tribute
tribute
this is empathy they just want a good
show that's all they want
it's 24 of us Gale only one comes out
you look pretty he'll help you make an
impression until it was decreed that
each year the 12 districts of Panem
shall offer up in tribute one young man
and woman between the ages of 12 and 18
to be trained in the art of survival
this is the time to show them everything
make sure they remember you I just keep
wishing I could think of a way to show
that that they don't own me if I'm gonna
die I want to still be me I just can't
afford to think like that
four three two one